bpo-37094: Add example for TestCase.skipTest in unittest doc (#13645)
python/cpython: Doc/library/unittest.rst

:class:`TestResult`.

Skipping a test is simply a matter of using the :func:`skip` :term:`decorator`

> or one of its conditional variants. And :meth:`TestCase.skipTest` could be used to

Reviewer: The added sentence is not complete.  How about:

```suggestion
or one of its conditional variants, calling :meth:`TestCase.skipTest` within a
:meth:`~TestCase.setUp` or test method, or raising :exc:`SkipTest` directly.
```

           # windows specific testing code
           pass

>        def test_skip_me(self):

Reviewer: If you take my second suggestion for the body of this example method, it could use a better name ("test_maybe_skipped" or similar, perhaps).

>            self.skipTest("skip")

Reviewer: Nit, but I'd prefer not to encourage meaningless skip messages :).  How about

```suggestion
           self.skipTest("skipped from within")
```

or similar?  Even better might be to show that this can be called conditionally, something like:

```suggestion
           if not external_resource_available():
               self.skipTest("external resource not available")
           # test code that depends on the external resource
           pass
```
